guys there's somebody I'd like you to
meet wait wait what is that
that would be Marcel you want to say no
no I don't okay it's pressure for just
give him my friend Bethel rescued him
from some lab that is so cruel why why
would a parent name their child Bethel
hey that monkeys got a Ross on his ass
[Laughter]
I have 12 new songs about my mother's
suicide and one about a snowman might
want to open with snowman hey do you
guys know what you're doing for New
Year's Oh what is wrong with New Year's
well nothing for you you have Paulo you
don't have to face the horrible
pressures of this holiday desperate
scramble to find anything with lips just
so you can have somebody to kiss when
the ball drops man I'm talking laughs
well for your information Paulo is going
to be in Rome this New Year's so I'll be
just as pathetic as the rest of you yes
you wish sometimes sick of being a
victim this bit Clarke holiday I say
this year no date we make a pact just
the six of us dinner no I was hoping for
a little more enthusiasm I just want to
be with him all the time you know day
and night and night and day and special
occasion wait a minute wait I see where
this is going you're gonna ask him to
New Year's aren't you you're gonna break
the pact she's gonna break the pact no
no no no no yes could I just yeah cuz I
already asked Janice come on this was a
pact this was your tie snapped okay I
couldn't handle the pressure and I
snapped yep but Janice that was like the
worst breakup in history I'm not saying
it was a good idea of saying I should
[Laughter]
too many jokes must mock Joey I shoes
her dodge killaby look I'm sorry okay
it's just that Chandler had somebody and
Phoebe had somebody I thought it asked
fun Bobby fun Bobby your ex-boyfriend
fun Bobby yeah you know more than one
fun Bobby I happen to know a fun Bob
okay here we go oh wow there's no one
for milk there is I love this artichoke
BAM
oh don't tell me what's in it the diet
starts tomorrow
do you remember Janice
vividly look at it I'm not thinking is
to spend the whole evening with me but
at least check in there you are you got
away from me but you found me here we'll
take a picture smile you're on candid
camera I want to blow this one up and
I'm going to write reunited in glitter
all right Janet fetch it Janice Janice
hey Janice when I invited you to this
party I didn't necessarily think that it
meant I know I thought I'd show this out
here I'm no math whiz but I do believe
there are three girls and three guys
right here anyone so I'm kissing
everyone oh no no you can't kiss Ross
that's your brother okay perfect perfect
so now everybody's going to kiss with me
all right somebody kiss me somebody kiss
me sorry Kay so much